[IMP] l10n: update CodaBox documentation (#7683)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/belgium.rst

Configure the Connection
************************

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`.

Author: Indeed thx !

> #. Click on :guilabel:`Manage Connection` to open the connection wizard which shows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click on :guilabel:`Manage Connection` to open the connection wizard, which shows the
```

   :guilabel:`Accounting Firm VAT` number and the :guilabel:`Company VAT` number that will be used
   for the connection.
#. If this is your **first connection**, you can simply click on the :guilabel:`Create connection`.
   The wizard confirms that the connection has been created on **Odoo's side**. Follow the steps

>    to validate the connection on **CodaBox's side** too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to validate the connection on **CodaBox's side**, too.
```

>    If this is **not your first connection**, the :guilabel:`Accounting Firm Password` provided by

Reviewer 2: sorry here Fiduciary was correct cause it's what's written on the software

   Odoo during the first connection will be requested to create a new connection.

      .. note::

>         This :guilabel:`Accounting Firm Password` is unique to Odoo and must be stored securely

Reviewer 2: same here when using guilabel it should be what's on the software exactly

        on your side.

> #. The :guilabel:`Status` should have now switched to :guilabel:`Connected`.

Reviewer: Since this is not an actual step to be performed by the user, I would take it out of the list.

Configure the Connection
************************

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`.

Author: It's in the Accounting section of the Configuration
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/32981518/51eea1fc-2341-49d0-bc04-366485f8449c)

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`.

Reviewer 2: I see then I'd say :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration` then go to the :guilabel:`CodaBox' section

#. Click on :guilabel:`Manage Connection` to open the connection wizard which will show the
   :guilabel:`Fiduciary VAT` number and the :guilabel:`Company VAT` number that will be used for
   the connection. If they are incorrect, they can be changed in
   :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Companies`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`Create connection`.

    * If this is your **first connection**, the wizard will confirm that the connection has been
      created on **Odoo's side**. Follow the steps to validate the connection on **CodaBox's side**
      too.

      .. image:: belgium/codabox_connection_validation.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Connection validation wizard

      .. note::
        This :guilabel:`Fiduciary Password` will be used to create new connections

>         for other clients without having to validate the connection again. This password

Reviewer 2: for other clients without validating the connection again. This password

        is unique to Odoo and must be stored securely on your side.

    * If this is **not your first connection**, the :guilabel:`Fiduciary password` provided by Odoo
      during the first connection will be requested to create a new connection.

      .. image:: belgium/codabox_connection_password.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Password request wizard

> #. The :guilabel:`Status` should have now switched to :guilabel:`Connected`.

Reviewer 2: there should be a blank line between picture and line 327

    .. image:: belgium/codabox_connection_ok.png
       :align: center

>        :alt: Connection status OK

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary. We tend to avoid having too many pictures for maintenance purposes https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#images

         :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`.

.. note::
    The connection between Odoo and CodaBox can be revoked by going to
    :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox --> Manage Connection`

>     and clicking on the :guilabel:`Revoke` button.

Author: I feel like a tip would be something that we advised which we don't want to here IMO, what do you think ?

> Potential issues

Reviewer: - I think the best solution for this section would be to use **bold** for the first line (the sentence(s) stating the potential issue), and maybe even a list (not sure about this one, up to you). That way you'd still be able to comply with the 100-char limit while keeping the section neat and clear. Don't forget to change the alignment of the "solution" lines :slightly_smiling_face: 
- I would also use guilabel where you're referring to the actual field labels (namely, Accounting Firm VAT and Company VAT), or take out the capital letters altogether if you're not.
- This is just a suggestion, but what about adding refs in the solution paragraphs so that people could click on the link and be taken directly to where the steps to perform are described? I don't think it's necessary for every solution, but it could be useful e.g., where you talk about revoking access or creating a new connection. What do you think?

Author: Done, it's indeed cleaner :)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CodaBox is not configured. Please check your configuration.
  Either the Company VAT of the Accounting Firm VAT is not set.

No connection exists with these accounting firms and company VAT numbers. Please check your configuration.

>   This can happen when checking the connection status, and the pair
>   (Accounting Firm VAT, Company VAT) still needs to be registered. This may happen if you have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can happen when checking the connection status, and the Accounting Firm VAT and Company VAT combination still needs to be registered. This may happen if you have
```

  changed the company VAT after the connection was established. For security reasons, you have to
  recreate a connection for this company VAT.

It seems that your CodaBox connection is not valid anymore. Please connect again.
  This can happen if you revoke Odoo access to your CodaBox account or still need to complete
  the configuration process. In this case, you must revoke your connection and create
  a new one.

The provided password is not valid for this accounting firm. You must reuse the password you received from Odoo during your first connection.
  The password you provided is different from the one you received from Odoo during your first
  connection.
  You must use the password you received from Odoo during your first connection to create a new

>   connection for this accounting firm. If you have lost your password, you will have to first revoke
>   the Odoo connection on CodaBox's side (i.e. on your myCodaBox portal). Then, you will be able to
>   revoke the connection on Odoo's side and create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  connection for this accounting firm. If you have lost your password, you must first revoke
  the Odoo connection on CodaBox's side (i.e., on your myCodaBox portal). Then, you can
  revoke the connection on Odoo's side and create a new one.
```

It seems that the company or accounting firm VAT number you provided is not valid. Please check your configuration.

>   Either the Company VAT of the Accounting Firm VAT is not in a valid Belgian format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Either the Company VAT or the Accounting Firm VAT is not in a valid Belgian format.
```

It seems that the accounting firm VAT number you provided does not exist in CodaBox. Please check your configuration.
  The accounting firm VAT number you provided is not registered in CodaBox. You may not have a valid
  CodaBox license linked to this VAT number.

It seems you have already created a connection to CodaBox with this accounting firm. To create a new connection, you must first revoke the old one on myCodaBox portal.

>   You must go on your myCodaBox portal and revoke the access of Odoo to your CodaBox account.
>   Then, you will be able to create a new connection on Odoo's side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You must go to your myCodaBox portal and revoke Odoo's access to your CodaBox account.
  Then, you can create a new connection on Odoo's side.
```

         :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`.

.. note::
    The connection between Odoo and CodaBox can be revoked by going to
    :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox --> Manage Connection`
    and clicking on the :guilabel:`Revoke` button.

Potential issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CodaBox is not configured. Please check your configuration.
  Either the Company VAT of the Accounting Firm VAT is not set.

> No connection exists with these fiduciary and company VAT numbers. Please check your configuration.

Reviewer 2: No connection exists between some accounting firms and company VAT numbers. Please check your configuration.

Not sure it should be 'these', did you mention some specific ones before, I might have missed it?

Author: these refers to the ones displayed on the UI. Perhaps I should rephrase that ?

  This can happen when checking the connection status, and the pair (Fiduciary VAT, Company VAT)

>   is not registered yet. This may happen if you have changed the company VAT after the connection

Reviewer 2: This can happen when checking the connection status, and the pair (Fiduciary VAT, Company VAT) still needs to be registered.

  was established. For security reasons, you have to recreate a connection for this company VAT.

It seems that your CodaBox connection is not valid anymore. Please connect again.
  This can happen if you have revoked the access of Odoo to your CodaBox account, or that you have

>   not completed the configuration process. In this case, you must revoke your connection and create

Reviewer 2: This can happen if you revoke Odoo access to your CodaBox account or still need to complete the configuration process.

  a new one.

> It seems that you have already created an Odoo-CodaBox connection with this fiduciary. You must reuse the password you received from Odoo during your first connection.

Reviewer 2: You have already created an Odoo-CodaBox connection with this accounting firm. You must reuse the password you received from Odoo during your first connection.

  You must use the password you received from Odoo during your first connection to create a new
  connection for this fiduciary. If you have lost your password, you will have to first revoke the
  Odoo connection on CodaBox's side (i.e. on your myCodaBox portal). Then, you will be able to
  revoke the connection on Odoo's side and create a new one.

> The provided password is not valid for this fiduciary.

Reviewer 2: The provided password is not valid for this accounting firm.

>     The password you provided is not the one you received from Odoo during your first connection.

Reviewer 2: The password you provided is different from the one you received from Odoo during your first connection.

    You must use the password you received from Odoo during your first connection to create a new

>     connection for this fiduciary. If you have lost your password, you will have to first revoke the

Reviewer 2: connection for this accounting firm.

    Odoo connection on CodaBox's side (i.e. on your myCodaBox portal). Then, you will be able to
    revoke the connection on Odoo's side and create a new one.

> It seems that the company or fiduciary VAT number you provided is not valid. Please check your configuration.

Reviewer 2: The company or accounting firm VAT number you provided is not valid. Please check the configuration.

  Either the Company VAT of the Accounting Firm VAT is not in a valid Belgian format.

It seems that the fiduciary VAT number you provided does not exist in CodaBox. Please check your configuration.

>   The Fiduciary VAT number you provided is not registered in CodaBox. You may not have a valid

Reviewer 2: The Accounting Firm VAT number you provided is not registered in CodaBox. You may not have a valid
